templates/basic/README.md, before:

# McFly Starter Project


![template-basic](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayoayco/McFly/main/assets/template-basic.png)

## Background
This project was generated from the basic template for **McFly** -- a no-framework framework that assists in leveraging the web platform.

```
npm create mcfly@latest
```

It contains example files to get you started using vanilla web technologies in a modern way. See the [Special Directories](#special-directories) section for more information.

## Features
The time has come for vanilla Web tech. 🎉

✅ Create web apps with vanilla custom elements<br>
✅ Write real .HTML files<br>
✅ Have no frameworks or reactivity libraries on the browser<br>
✅ Use server-side rendering<br>
✅ Deploy anywhere<br>

## Special directories
**1. `./src/pages/`**
- file-based routing for `.html` files
- directly use custom elements & static fragments (no imports or registry maintenance needed)
- use `<script server:setup>` to define logic that runs on the server, which then gets stripped away

**2. `./src/components/`**
- custom element constructor files (only `.js` files for now)
- all components are automatically registered using their file names; a `hello-world.js` component can be used as `<hello-world>`
- static `.html` fragments; a `my-header.html` fragment can be directly used as `<my-header>`

**3. `./routes/api/`**
- file-based routing for REST API endpoints
- e.g., `./routes/api/users.ts` can be accessed via `http://<domain>/api/users`
- TypeScript or JavaScript welcome!

## McFly config

To tell McFly you want to use components, pass the mode (only `"js"` for now) to the `components` prop mcfly.config.ts

```js
import defineConfig from "./packages/define-config";

export default defineConfig({
  components: "js",
});

```

## More info
This framework is a result of [an exploration](https://social.ayco.io/@ayo/111195315785886977) for using [**Nitro**](https://nitro.unjs.io) and vanilla JS custom elements using a minimal [**Web Component Base**](https://ayco.io/n/web-component-base) class.

**Nitro** is the same production-grade web server powering [**Nuxt**](https://nuxt.com/)

---
*Just keep building*<br />
*A project by [Ayo Ayco](https://ayco.io)*

Commit message:

feat(templates): add back deleted commands section

templates/basic/README.md, after:

# McFly Starter Project


![template-basic](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ayoayco/McFly/main/assets/template-basic.png)

## Background
This project was generated from the basic template for **McFly** -- a no-framework framework that assists in leveraging the web platform.

```
npm create mcfly@latest
```

It contains example files to get you started using vanilla web technologies in a modern way. See the [Special Directories](#special-directories) section for more information.

## Features
The time has come for vanilla Web tech. 🎉

✅ Create web apps with vanilla custom elements<br>
✅ Write real .HTML files<br>
✅ Have no frameworks or reactivity libraries on the browser<br>
✅ Use server-side rendering<br>
✅ Deploy anywhere<br>

## Special directories
**1. `./src/pages/`**
- file-based routing for `.html` files
- directly use custom elements & static fragments (no imports or registry maintenance needed)
- use `<script server:setup>` to define logic that runs on the server, which then gets stripped away

**2. `./src/components/`**
- custom element constructor files (only `.js` files for now)
- all components are automatically registered using their file names; a `hello-world.js` component can be used as `<hello-world>`
- static `.html` fragments; a `my-header.html` fragment can be directly used as `<my-header>`

**3. `./routes/api/`**
- file-based routing for REST API endpoints
- e.g., `./routes/api/users.ts` can be accessed via `http://<domain>/api/users`
- TypeScript or JavaScript welcome!

## McFly config

To tell McFly you want to use components, pass the mode (only `"js"` for now) to the `components` prop mcfly.config.ts

```js
import defineConfig from "./packages/define-config";

export default defineConfig({
  components: "js",
});

```
## Commands

The following commands are available to you on this project. Add more, or modify them as needed in your `./package.json` file.

| Command | Action |
| --- | --- |
| npm start | Start the dev server |
| npm run prepare | Prepare the app |
| npm run build | Locally generate the app's build files to `./output` |
| npm run preview | Preview the built app locally |

## More info
This framework is a result of [an exploration](https://social.ayco.io/@ayo/111195315785886977) for using [**Nitro**](https://nitro.unjs.io) and vanilla JS custom elements using a minimal [**Web Component Base**](https://ayco.io/n/web-component-base) class.

**Nitro** is the same production-grade web server powering [**Nuxt**](https://nuxt.com/)

---
*Just keep building*<br />
*A project by [Ayo Ayco](https://ayco.io)*
